It's okay, let's go, the car is coming, okay?
Kid, I'm leaving first
Di went home for dinner
Sister Hua, you and Qiyi are married
But my greatest wish
My deep fruit can finally relax
Dad is out of the hospital, so let's not talk about that
I met Huaiji back then
I knew he was a good boy
You two together
I'm worthy of your mother
Dad, let's order first
Or buy wine?
Okay, today we can have a few drinks
Why didn't you tell Uncle Su?
Is it a fake marriage between me and you?
If Huai Jin told her father now
He will definitely not accept it.
Can you wait a little longer?
Hurry up.
I can't wait too long.
Can't wait too long
Why is he having a bad time?
He your ex-wife
He betrayed you, and you still think of him
Huaiji, I am the most suitable person for you
I used to think
He and I are the best fit
Hello, did you ask for it?